That's a little loud....she's doing it purposefully.
At least it's 20 seconds.
Oh yeah food.
You guys live near each other, right?
It's probably been there.
(***) yeah
That's sign ...chinese
Where's your go-to in for church, after church?
Do you know China bistro?
Oh yeah.
Valley
That's
It's like right by the bowling alley.
It's like the old bowling alleys. flat?!
Yeah.
Wait, what's the first one you said? China Bistro.
I've probably been there, but I just can't remember.
But I know one or one noodle
No, not really.
Which one is that?
(***) Siphovita
Do we....have we been
So.
The Chinese...
restaurant that I like right now is the place where they sell
the mapo tofu
Umm on PCH. (***)
Yeah, yeah, yeah that's..
that place that
Night, I didn't like what we ordered when we went with Greg. I don't think it was the best.
And I think the usual chef was not there.
because the taste was a little off. But then I went back again and it was really good.
Yeah.
I'm into Top Grill in Buena Park.
yeah it's like yeah
It's like 35, yeah, 30, 40 minutes.
Because it's right by, it's near, where is it at?
North way farm, yeah.
Oh no, it's near the source.
It's in a really strip mall. yeah
It's good, yeah.
We should go together. It's $20 or something $21...
But the quality is really there.
you
No, no, it's $22, yeah.
Or even they have a, what is it?
happy hour so like if you go like for early dinner
Yeah, it's like $20, $22 or so.